Add Facebook React development settings mode enabled KB (#34)
Ostorlab/KB: MOBILE_CLIENT/ANDROID/_LOW/APK__FACEBOOK_REACT_DEV_SETTINGS_ENABLED/description.md

> The application is compiled with `com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSettingsActivity` enabled. The Activity display 
> developers settings, It's added to the debug manifest of the app.

Reviewer: Need more details, 
```suggestion
The application exposes the `com.facebook.react.devsupport.DevSettingsActivity` activity. The  `DevSettingsActivity` Activity exposes developer settings and should not pas exposed in release versions of the application.
```
